LOCATION: Shah Alam/Subang 
COMPANY: MONKEYCLOUD MEDIA SDN. BHD. 
JOB TITLE: Junior Data Analyst 
SALARY: RM 3,000 – RM 4,000 per month 
DESCRIPTION: Collect and compile data from different sources, including databases, and spreadsheets.
Filtering and cleaning data to ensure accuracy.
Analyze data to identify trends, patterns, and anomalies, and provide actionable insights to support in various team decision-making.
Develop and maintain dashboards and reports to track key project performance metrics, including progress and target achievement.
Conduct ad-hoc data analysis to address specific project management questions or issues.
Assist in the preparation of presentations and reports for project status updates and executive-level reporting.
Diploma or Degree in any related field
Experience in data analysis, business analysis or similar role, with a strong focus on data manipulation and analysis is preferred.
Familiarity with data analysis tools and concepts, with experience in Power BI being a strong advantage.
2-3 years working experience as a Business Intelligence Analyst/Data Analyst or any position that related to data and business analytics with strong statistical background.
Preferably with prior experience in the FMCG industry.
Experience in data analysis, business analysis or similar role, with a strong focus on data manipulation and analysis is preferred.
Proficiency in data analysis tools and software, such as Power BI, Microsoft Excel (Pivot, Macro) or similar tools.
Strong organizational skills and the ability to manage multiple tasks and priorities simultaneously.
A collaborative and team-oriented mindset with the ability to work effectively in a cross-functional environment.
Excellent communication and presentation skills, with the ability to convey complex information clearly and effectively.
Strong analytical and problem-solving skills, with the ability to translate data into actionable insights.
How many years' experience do you have as a data analyst?
How many years' experience do you have as a Power BI Consultant?
How would you rate your Mandarin language skills?
Which of the following data analytics tools are you experienced with?