LOCATION: Kuala Lumpur 
COMPANY: SNSOFT SDN. BHD. 
JOB TITLE: Database Administrator 
SALARY: RM 8,500 – RM 12,000 per month 
DESCRIPTION: 13th Months Salary (upon Company Declaration)
Project Incentive (upon Company Declaration based on project performance)
Transport, Meal, Birthday Allowances (upon Confirmation)
Medical + Dental claim
Sports Activities (Badminton & Basketball),
Team Building activities
Training and certification sponsored by company (Selected employees).
Rewards and recognition: Long Service Award / Best Performer Award / Role Model Awards etc
Smart casual attire
Yearly annual dinner
Designs and plans database structural architecture, requirements by analyzing and reviewing client operations, applications, and programming; evaluate current systems;
Build/Configure various types of databases such as Mongo, MySQL and Redis database replication based on business development trends
Evaluate, plan and perform the DB upgrades, back-up, recovery and data migration
Design and implement Disaster Recovery plans & High Availability solutions and recommendations based on different types of databases
Setup and maintain Linux based systems used for the database.
Setup and manage on cloud AWS services and databases. 
To be responsible perform daily database related tasks such as:
Create, publish and monitor database health checks to monitoring systems to identify slow queries; replication lags; node failures; index usage patterns; CPU usage; memory usage; locks; number of connections and any other relevant parameters
Drive best practices for backups, replication, and health checks
Work closely with the application team to understand what changes are coming in a build/patch/hotfix, do an impact analysis, fine-tune the queries if any
Automate the database repetitive tasks
To assess database implementation procedures to ensure they comply with internal and external regulations.
Candidates must possess at least a Bachelor's Degree/Post-Graduate Diploma/Professional Degree in Computer Science/Information Technology or equivalent.
At least 2 years hands-on experience as database administrator in production environments.
Preferably candidates who are proficient/familiar with MySQL/ MONGODB database operating mechanism/architecture, including performance optimization and adjustment.
Proficiency in writing debugging procedures, functions and SQL statements.
Strong scripting experience in Unix/Shell Scripting and Python.
Candidate who is experienced in AWS is a plus point.
Preferably candidates with strong troubleshooting skills, have good technical sense and ability in document integration.
Preferably candidates who are eager to learn new technology.
Prefer candidates who can speak basic mandarin.
Which of the following Relational Database Management Systems (RDBMS) are you experienced with?
What's your expected monthly basic salary?
Which of the following languages are you fluent in?
Which of the following programming languages are you experienced in?
How would you rate your Mandarin language skills?
How many years' experience do you have as a Database Administrator?
Do you have customer service experience?
Which of the following Linux distributions are you familiar with?