LOCATION: Shah Alam/Subang 
COMPANY: Accordia Global Sdn Bhd 
JOB TITLE: Machine Learning Engineer (AI) 
SALARY: RM 5,000 – RM 7,000 per month 
DESCRIPTION: Design, develop, and deploy machine learning models for our AI assistants
Work with data scientists and engineers to build and maintain our data pipelines and infrastructure
Evaluate and improve the performance of our AI assistants
Collaborate with product managers and designers to ensure that our AI assistants meet the needs of our customers
Collaborate with a multi-functional agile team of data science, UX / UI design, product management, and engineering to build new features / products / services that delight our customers.
Develop and create end-to-end machine learning feedback loop and integrate it into various customer interaction applications.
Improve existing machine learning models both in terms of model performance and computing performance.
Help drive code review, optimization, testing, and tooling to improve code quality and system reliability.
Research and implement best practices to enhance existing machine learning infrastructure and process.
Be part of an active group of data science and machine learning practitioners that shape the direction of machine learning and artificial intelligence of the organization.
BS or higher in Computer Science, Computer Engineering or related technical fields involving Machine Learning or equivalent technical experience
Strong analytical and problem-solving skills - Proven software development skills in multiple programming languages (e.g., Python, Golang, C, React, Angular)
Experience with machine learning software packages (e.g., ChatGPT, Keras, scikit-learn, XGBoost, TensorFlow, NLTK, Caffe, Theano)
Conversational platforms such as Rasa and Nuance Mix
Familiar with LLM Model such as Chatgpt or Google's Bard
Familiarity with container-based technologies (e.g., Docker, Kubernetes) and DevOps practices (e.g., code review, automated testing, CI / CD, logging, performance monitoring)
Front-end technologies such as React and React Native (Nice to have)
Familiar with Relational, NoSQL & Vector databases (MySQL, MongoDB, Weaviate, etc)
Strong communication skills & collaborative mindset
Experience with data processing tools (e.g., Hadoop, Apache Spark, Apache Beam) and Cloud platforms (e.g., AWS, Azure, GCP) considered a plus
Competitive salary and benefits package
Opportunity to work on challenging and innovative projects
Collaborative and supportive work environment
Opportunities for professional development and growth
We are a team of passionate and innovative engineers who are committed to building the best possible AI assistants for our customers.
We offer a collaborative and supportive work environment where everyone is valued and respected.
We are committed to professional development and growth, and we offer our employees opportunities to learn and grow their skills.
We offer a competitive salary and benefits package.
If you are a talented and passionate Machine Learning Engineer who is looking for a challenging and rewarding opportunity, we encourage you to apply!
Have you worked in a role which requires experience with machine learning?
What's your expected monthly basic salary?
How many years' experience do you have as a Machine Learning Engineer?